Grandpa, Brother Ye Xuan, I'm back
Grandpa, oops
Xiner, why are you back?
I am pregnant
Ye Xuan's
Hey, you'd better go back to Xuantian Shrine
It's not safe here anymore what's not safe anymore
Grandpa
I suddenly feel that what you say is very reasonable.
Why don't you tie me up
Tie it up and send it back
Sister, we just escaped
How can I go back?
But it's really dangerous outside
Listen to what your grandfather said
There is danger.
But if my sister goes back now
The baby in the womb may die
You will die too
Grandpa
You clearly know that there are two souls in my body
You asked them to pick me up early
Didn't you ask me to die?
Are you so noisy?
Xi'er, don't worry.
It has been two years since you entered Xi'er's body
It has not affected the eye of the replenishing formation
That's why grandpa asked him to take you back
That's risky too
How can you?
Ah wait a minute
Wait a minute, don't be noisy
What about brother Ye Xuan?
Hey he
Went back to Shangjing
Why did the demons invade Xuanzhou?
He wants to take responsibility.
Then I'll help him.
I can help him.
What's the use of you being strong alone
Shortly after Ye Xuan left
There is a Xuanmao demon clan to warn
The demons have invaded Jade City Pass
I'm afraid that Ye Xuan's anti-border journey is difficult
Xi'er, you should go back to Xuantian Shrine
Xuanzhou is not safe
We're family.
How can I let Brother Ye Xuan bear it alone?
Cyrus, come back.
After I knew your identity, grandpa
I tried to cut off your connection with the eye of the sky-mending array
But in the end, they found that there was only one item.
Can do
He is in the treasure house of the Light Boat Kingdom Palace
You take it to grandpa
Maybe it makes up for everything
I'll be sure to get it for you.
Zhenguo Shenjian of Light Boat Kingdom
You are so good, why don't you get it yourself?
You asked me to pick it up
Why girl
practitioner
He cannot conflict with the addition of his immortal blessing
At first
Grandpa said there is no way to send you back to your original world
I lied to you.
If you bring back the sword
Grandpa will help you go back
Seriously
Really lying, it's a puppy
White-eyed snake
I heard the old dog
White-eyed snake, you dog old man